docs: Update `VibrationDevice` to include platform specific requirements (#15345)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/features/windows-devices-haptics.md

## `VibrationDevice` class

### Platform-specific requirements

The `GetDefaultAsync` method is implemented on all platforms and returns `null` for the unsupported platforms (WPF, GTK).

#### Android

> For Android, there are is one permission you must configure before using this API in your project. To do that, add the following to `AndroidManifest.xml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Android, there is one permission you must configure before using this API in your project. To do that, add the following to `AndroidManifest.xml`:
```

```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.VIBRATE" />
```

#### Tizen

> In the case of Tizen, the `http://tizen.org/privilege/haptic` privilege needs to be declared in `config.xml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Tizen, the `http://tizen.org/privilege/haptic` privilege needs to be declared in `config.xml` file.
```

> In the case of Tizen, the `http://tizen.org/privilege/haptic` privilege needs to be declared in `config.xml` file.

Reviewer: Is it `config.xml` or `tizen-manifest.xml`?

Author: I have never worked with Tizen before, so when I was looking at the docs, I found only config.xml, but when I search for the tizen-manifest.xml specifically, I get a lot of results, it's probably that one.
